[docs] Add docs about implementing an allocator inspector (#3747)
pwndbg/pwndbg: docs/contributing/allocator.md

Secondly, when a new version of the allocator breaks something and we fix it, add a note to the [Allocator Changelog](#allocator-changelog) below. It should just be one short bullet point. It will be useful for contributors, but can also give curious users a nice overview of how the allocators evolved. Do add entries for previous versions as well!

### Use debug info if it is present

See [Implementing Libc support#Debug Info](./libc-provider.md#debug-info) for rationale.

The mallocng implementation unfortunately does not do this, the jemalloc implementation unfortunately only does this (i.e. does not support jemalloc without debug info), the glibc implementation handles this pretty cleanly by having one class which uses debug info and one class which uses heuristics.

The SLUB implementation handles this the best, see `pwndbg/aglib/kernel/__init__.py:typeinfo_recovery()`. If debug info is present, we do nothing, otherwise we add the debug info ourselves using the `cymbol` API. From then on we can simply save assume that we "have" debug info.

> ### Fail gracefully

Reviewer: this isn't specifically just for allocators

Reviewer: but I guess I should write a doc on how to contribute to the kernel subsystem at some point.

+ Try `pwndbg.libc.version()` and if it returns `None` ask the user to input the version (e.g. `set glibc 2.42`).
+ Don't rely on any other libc-provider-specific function because you might be talking to the "unknown" implementation which will always say you don't have debug info / you don't have symbols etc. So don't rely on `has_internal_symbols()`, `has_debug_info()`, ...
+ *Do* rely on the non-libc-provider-specific functions like e.g. `filepath()`, `addr()`, `section_by_name()` etc. They will work properly.
+ Maybe you will want to implement your own allocator-specific `has_debug_info()` / `has_internal_symbols()`, or simply peform a type/symbol lookup on everything you try to recover (no code in the codebase currently does this). 

There is an issue open about this: #3745 .

## Allocator Changelog

Inspired by [bata24/gef](https://github.com/bata24/gef)'s `heap -h`. If some compilation options are/aren't supported, write it down.

### glibc malloc

Tested for [???, 2.42\].

+ 2.42: start of changelog (#3272, #3464, #3487)

### kernel SLUB

Tested for [???, 6.18\].

+ 6.18: start of changelog (#3689)

> CONFIG_SLAB_VIRTUAL support: mitigation-v4-6.12 with debug info > older versions with debug info > mitigation-v4-6.12 without debug info > older versions without debug info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CONFIG_SLAB_VIRTUAL` support: until the mitigation feature gets accepted into mainline, only the latest patch (currently `mitigation-v4-6.12`) is fully supported. The `slab` commands are not guaranteed to work on older patches because the feature is experimental and may undergo significant changes.
```

Author: thanks, do you also maybe know what the lowest version of the kernel is that we support?

oh and feel free to retroactively add entries to the changelog, like what was the difference between 6.17 and 6.18 that made it break?
